Okay, can we get it can we get it. Can we let a girl rent for a little bit? Because I'm just re-watching 25 2521, yeah. Um but I I already watched the drama like what it came out like two or three years ago and then I rewatched it. I re-watched it recently, I think. But I didn't remember. I didn't remember a lot of things. So I just like re-watched it again because I felt like it. It's just I feel like the chemistry between the two the main leads is so unmatched. Like I I've never seen any other drama where the chemistry is that good. So it's like I really wanted to to I I wanted it to be good, to be good all the way. But that's the only interesting part. Like the rest, I also really like. But there's just a sense of like that's the only that's the best part, you know? I I I skipped a lot on the second male main main lead and um whereas it like the supporting cast and stuff. But it's just uh I I wanted it to be good. And the characters are also like, some of them are are really likable, but then some others, they're like the the main lead's best friend or whatever for the first half of the drama. She's just bullying her. She's just bullying the the main lead, and we're supposed to like her. And it's like I get I get that eventually they they become friends and they like they understand each other because they have been talking to each other and they didn't know it was the other one. Anyways, um But it's just it doesn't take away from the fact that she was just bullying this girl, this girl who was her teammate and it was her classmate. And she just she was bullying her because because she lost to her. Loses and she was scared or whatever. Like I think it was just stupid. Like maybe that's just me, but I think it's stupid. I don't think anyone should be excused for bullying someone else just because they like have things going on in their in their life. Like I get it, she's she she has her own stuff, she has some stuff going on. But that doesn't take away from the fact that she was bullying her. And that also just like, I feel like I do like the the like that the main character is very relatable in a way, or maybe not even relatable, but you can feel everything she's feeling, or everything like I feel so incompetent almost, so like I want to do something for her. I want to and I feel like that's honestly like the main lead, the the male lead, um how he's feeling, right? Because he feels a lot of things and he like he that feeling of wanting to protect the main character, I get that a lot because she has everything going against her. I think the only thing that she has in her favor is money, like she's she's she's financially stable, her family is financially stable. But the way her mom treats her, I never liked the mom. And they tried to redeem I mean, they sort of tried to redeem her, and I'm not saying that character should be redeemed all the time or they should like always um sort of like outwardly or very directly tell the audience that a certain like a behavior is is wrong. I think it's something that it's okay if you just leave it, and then the audience should sort of come to that conclusion or or should like think about it by themselves, and then like um gather that from from from the drama or not, you know? But it was just so frustrating. Every time she came on the screen, it was just so frustrating. And it's always so like I it's also more frustrating because it's relatable, you know? So it's it's like I don't want to um well that I don't want to. I did it's just like there were a lot of things that that she did that I was like how can you not see that? Like how can how can you be so selfish? I think she was just very selfish. For wanting her child to understand her and her not even trying to understand her child. And I think like, a lot of the times, I do think it like it's a very realistic representation of how that sort of dynamic works. Because there were a lot of times when I thought like, they had a conversation, right? They had a conversation and it felt very climactic. It it felt very like everything will change after this. Um and you think that um Hido, the main character, has like inspired something inside her mom, right? When she's like I don't remember what she said the first time, but when she wants to transfer schools, and she's like Oh, yeah, because the mom throws away her comic book, and she's like, oh, you're not even trying with the fencing, whatever, and if you want to transfer school because of fencing, like, try harder. Um or like you shouldn't even be fencing, whatever. Which also, I think it's like, that's already one thing. But then she throws she breaks the comic book, and uh she throws it like out of the house, whatever. Um And and the main character is like you've never even seen me fence. Like, you've never been to any of my competitions. And you've never um comforted me when I lost. You've never celebrated my victories when I won. And that comic book was the only thing that comforted me. Like, I came back home after um after losing and that comic was the thing that comforted me. And that felt so like so climactic. And it's one of those like you would think, you would think if you heard that from your child, you would be like dang, maybe maybe maybe I should change, you know? Maybe I should like I should be there more, or I should I don't know. I should do do something different. And then she does like she does let her transfer schools. But then it's also like is that all? You would think you would I don't know. I but it's very realistic, it's very like relationships don't change from one day to the other with just one fight. Um But it's still very frustrating because I know what it is to be in that position, to be or to be like also very young and and have this sort of um position or if someone else in the position of authority over you, that has more power over you, and that being your parent, and then them being like thinking, being so brave, oh, that that that also that she said like, you know, it takes more strength and more courage for me to ask you about this than to go out and do like, because she went to a club trying to get herself um transferred from her school, current school. And that also felt very relatable because it is like there is a sort of discrepancy in the power that they hold. Um And it's very frustrating to see and to know what it is to be in that position, in Hido's position that if you say what you what you're really feeling very openly, you think the situation will change. And then it doesn't. And that happens a few times where you think like for sure for sure this time it's going to change. And things do change a little bit. A little bit, right? But not a lot. So I think like, okay. The point of all that being that that is very relatable. I do like that aspect of the drama. I like I like Hido as like the main character. I like her as a character in general. I think she's a very well-written written character. Um And everything makes sense um that has to do with her. I just didn't like the mom and I didn't like how they tried to or like I shouldn't I wouldn't say that they tried to make her seem better. Um but they did show like her sort of like caring about um her daughter. Just like when she saw the news about her winning and stuff, being being happy about it. But I'm like that's not enough. That's just never going to be enough. And I'm I'm not saying that the writers meant it for the char for the audience to be like, oh, but she cares, because it doesn't matter if you care if you're not doing anything about it. Like you will if you care, you have to show it. It it it generally it just genuinely doesn't matter if if you're happy for someone just behind your backs and just like in a very hidden way, I guess. Like it it just doesn't matter. You have to And then also like even after that, like it's still not going back home when she needs you or like it's just ever, right? Like she never she's never at home. Then what what are you like And she's underage. You're your daughter is underage. Anyways, all of that to say that I think that's one of my favorite favorite parts of the drama actually. Like the the mother mother-daughter dynamic. Um And then just the romance. I think the romance is very well-written. Like it I don't think any other two characters have that chemistry, that same chemistry. It's just so good. Like it's no, I don't I don't even have a lot of words to describe it. It's just it's just really good. Um it's just so so good. They have very good chemistry, and also just very good like They're just good for each other. And I like that. So I also don't like the fact that they didn't, like the ending is a sad ending for them. Not only because it is a sad ending for them and I wanted them to be happy together. But also because if the point was like sometimes people come and go in your life, I don't see first of all, I don't see myself like if I were to be in that situation, and I lived through so many things with one person. I don't know how I could go out and date someone else and marry someone else. Only a few years after, as well. Like, I don't think I could do that. But that's on them. Right? Like, whatever. But the other thing is then like then why did the other couple, like the second couple, um stay together? Because they had a more realistic breaking up situation. I guess, like a situation where they could break up. If the girl was going to Russia. She went to Russia. Um and the guy stayed in Korea. And I also like, I don't think their maybe just because it wasn't developed as much, but I don't think their love was as deep or as like I just didn't see them like I I saw them as children or like middle schoolers who were like, let's let's try to date. Um or whatever. But, um yeah. That's that. What else don't I like? I don't know. I just feel like it there was also a lot of potential. There was a lot of potential in it. Um a lot of it just I always stop on the 15th episode. Or this time I stopped watching after the 14th, like, I started the 15th, and I was like, that's enough. That's just enough. Because if there is a more like if I watch more, I know it's just going to go downhill again. And or like even more downhill, I guess. But it's just it was so good. It was so good. And then it wasn't. And I'm just like, And I cannot in good heart give it more than an eight out of ten rating. Because I want to. Like, I genuinely like when I was re-watching it, when I first started, I was like, I think I'm going to have to to like up this to a 9.5 because I thought I had a nine. Um And then I just kept watching, and I was like, I don't think I can do a 9.5. Um And then I saw the rating I had on it and it was an eight. And I was like, I kind of agree. Like, I just it's just so good, but it's it's not like it doesn't matter if your first episodes are really good when your half of your episodes are look like just not very well-written. Well, not not that it's not very well-written. It's just that like compared to how good it was at first, it's just not the same. It just doesn't hit the same way. Um It's just it's just like it just makes me sad. It makes me mad. It makes me like yearn for what a good drama it could be. Like it could have been so good. But I just I didn't like the second character second like the main lead's um best friend. And I didn't like how they tackle all of that. That was like, and then they laughed about it. They were like, oh, you said that to her? He he, like, you bullied her like that? Ha ha, that's so funny. I just don't think, like, I liked her as a character, sure, like as a person, sure. But I don't think they should have just like turned like and it was the writing. Like, it wasn't just just a yeah. It was the writing that was like, I guess making her out to be to they redeemed her just being like, oh, but you you actually are friends, so you're okay. Like, Nicki makes sense. It doesn't it doesn't make sense. She's still a bully. Like, maybe not a very like a very good one, in the sense that like she's not good at being a bully. Um But, like, she didn't do a lot of bad things. Like, she could have been worse, right? She was just like verbally not very nice, I guess. Um But still, I she's not redeemed. In my mind, she did nothing to redeem herself. Um And she had no excuse to bully her either. If you're bullying someone just because they won a match over you and you're scared that they're going to be better than you. You're not a good person. You're just not a good person. And that's okay. That's that's a like that's you. Um And yeah, that's it. That's that's my review of my rewatch of 2521. And that's about it.