Alright, I need to do more recordings on like English language general um where I guess myself speaking English. I feel like, I don't know, if I want to. My go-to is sort of like reviews on books or movies or or TV shows, but um I don't know if that sort of affects the way um it takes my the things I speak about. I don't know. I think I speak about mostly the same things in like Spanish and English. Um but it's kind of hard to think about sort of what data to gather in terms of what um what my day-to-day conversations are, I guess. Um especially when I'm going to like feed this into um machine learning of that will like generate sentences um in terms of just like my speech. I don't know. Um that will be fun. But if if it's only me speaking about different shows and different books and different everything, it will be all over the place being like me talking about the plots. Um I don't know. I think it is like an interesting conversation in general what um I guess my machine learning will come out to be like. Um but anyways, I I don't know what else to speak about. I think I do have some other like um voice messages that I can choose from or that I can transcribe as well. Um I guess like shorter ones, hopefully, because I do send some to some people um in English. But I have made it sort of a I I have sort of tried not to do that. So, um that's that's going to be I don't think I have any at hand. Anyways, my point is, what are conversations? I just had my economics class. Um and we're supposed to write a paper for our mid-term and be like, I think I guess, okay, my economics class, first of all, is the the political economy of work and pay. That's that's the name of the class. Um and so far it's very interesting. Um also because I have I've never taken an economics class from that perspective. Um I've always taken economics classes just more so on the business perspective because it is what I what I did my bachelor's on. So that makes sense. Um and just in general very I mean I just learned that apparently there's this like um I I guess like economic theories and schools of economics can be divided into a lot of different things. But one of them is um the mainstream economics um and the neo-classical economics, which I guess like radical economics as well, it sort of branches out of like into three parts. Um but neo-classical and radical are sort of more hand-in-hand than mainstream economics. Um all of it like related to labor. I'm not sure if other types of economics are different. But I have been learning about that. I have been learning about and of course like I guess modern or no mainstream economics are what you would usually think or what you would usually learn when um you take an economics class. Um but neo-classical and then what was the other one? Radical are way more woke, one could say. Um I feel like radical becomes in certain like um ideas it becomes very very out there to the point where I'm like, I'm not sure I can understand where you're coming from in general. Um so that's that's that. But it it makes sense that we're um sort of taking that perspective because the school as in like the university um is very liberal and it's very leftist and um so it makes sense that it's sort of it will have to take um I don't know. It just like learning in general always is always political. It's always taking a stand or taking a perspective or taking a like a point of view. Um and coming from learning economics on the sort of more mainstream way or from the mainstream schools and mainstream theories. Um it's fun to see that there's like a different perspective of things that sort of contradicts or not not only contradicts, but but it's like actively trying to question the mainstream schools of economics. Um so that's fun. Um I feel like I have been learning a lot, but just the class itself like going to class it's very very um because the professor, I think it's very short for the amount of things that the professor wants to cover, but also he could just yaps a lot. He goes on and on and on about um things. At the beginning of the class he always says sort of like schedule, or not the schedule, but like a timeline or I don't know. He's like, today we're going to talk about this, this, this, and this. Um and then he only gets to like half of it. We never talk about all of it. Um which is like I get it. Um but it's funny. So, some people do talk during the class as well, so it is like a bit there's a bit of participation going to it. Um but not a lot. And I'm always I I don't I personally don't like talking in that class. Um but it's like it's not it's not that bad. Um I do have like my other class, my the publishing books class. I don't know why that feels worse. That feels like I think also, okay, the setup of the class itself, it's it's very like rectangular, I guess. There's like four tables or there's more tables, but it looks like four long tables. Um and then the professor is on one side, and the the other three sides are are just people, right? Um I don't know why I don't like that. I don't like the feeling of like everyone is at an angle at which they can just turn a little their head a little or just like look up and they will see me. Um and also, I think it's because it's sharing more we're supposed to be like coming up with a book idea and then from that we will sort of build a book proposal, etc. And it is very interesting to learn um in terms of like sort of taking an example and going through the whole process and learning like point by point, um what the process of building a book proposal looks like. Um like it's very practical, right? But I don't like the fact like the the action of sharing um to a group of people my sort of artistic um views or my my work in that sense. I think sharing my opinions, which is more what I would do in my economics class, um I'm more comfortable with that. I don't mind that. Um I mean, I still do mind it. But it's like I mind it less than sharing my work. Um I guess to an extent because it can be criticized and it can be or it's not criticized, but it can be um critiqued. Um and it can be rightfully critiqued. So it's like I myself I'm not completely confident in my in my work to the extent that I'm um that I know I won't get critiqued. Or even even if I were, I feel like any work can be critiqued even if it's good or like even if it's Yeah, even if it's good. Um And also like what's good, right? Like what's the sense of good and bad? But I don't like the idea of sort of having this um having this be being this group of people, being this classroom where where there's people who are this is what they do. They are writers. Um and then me coming with this idea that sounds very ridiculous in my head and it sounds very like I I already think it's bad. Um so I'm sort of just overthinking the fact like how they will think about it, even though I'm like they don't say anything about it. They they they don't critique it. It's not that kind of sort of short sort of um sharing. But it's still sort of in the back of my mind like, oh they they are like they are definitely critiquing me and they are definitely um judging me for having this idea and for having this like um thought process and I don't know. It's just uncomfortable. It's weird. I don't like that class. I don't like talking. And also when we have discussions, I always end up saying something. And I always regret it. I guess like I don't always end up saying something, but I have um sort of actively participated more in that class. And I always end up regretting it because I don't know I feel like the class is just very the professor and the people there in general sort of have very different ideas to myself. Um or I guess they just see things in from a very different different perspective. And it's funny because um last class they were talking about sort of like one of the things we we sort of mentioned was the fact that people have or like the the publishing industry is very sort of cliquish and very sort of hard to or harsh to outsiders. And I low-key I I I low-key feel like that. Okay, I was I honestly I do feel like um like that's me. I'm the outsider. And and this is the group of people who are in. Um it's kind of weird. Not not to say that they are doing it on purpose, but it sort of does feel like it sometimes. Um so it's kind of like I should just like go there and not say anything. That's what I that is my thought process. But anyways, that's that's me and my classes and my um I guess what I have been doing this week. Um I also I did go to like office hours with my professor yesterday, my economics professor. And he I really like him. I do like him. He's like an older professor, but he is very open, I guess. He was like asking me about my undergrad because also I mentioned I was in the design school and he was like, oh, that's that's um unusual. There's not a lot of people who take economics courses from um the design school and I was like, yeah. Um but I did do my bachelor's in business, so I'm like sort of not completely new to economics in general. Um and then he was asking about sort of like my dissertation. Um well, he asked if if um I had to write any paper or anything for my undergrad. And I was like, yeah, I did have to write a dissertation and he asked me what it was about. And he seemed very interested. Um and I do think like there's a lot of interesting topics um on the dissertation itself. Um I still find that my dissertation topic interesting. I wish I went about it a bit of a different way now that I like have it's been almost no, it has been a year, I guess since I handed it in. Um I think almost a year. I don't know. Um but yeah, it does feel like like I should have done it a bit differently. But anyways, the point is those are my elective. Those are both my academic electives. Um publishing books and the political economy of work and pay. Um the political economy of work and pay has been had me reading a lot. I've been doing reading all the time like I've just been reading. And I I've been procrastinating my readings and then I I just do them all and then nothing happens because honestly like I could survive the class without doing any readings, but I I've been I've been doing most of my learning uh from the reading. So, um anyways, that's that. Okay, goodbye.