I feel like procrastination is one of those things that it's very easy to just say to like if you go for someone, if you go up to someone for advice, and their advice is just do the thing. It's very easy to say, right? Like I I feel like procrastination is one of those problems that they shouldn't exist. Like if they didn't exist, they wouldn't exist. I don't know how how else to explain it. Like they don't really make sense. Um, but I feel like it is in a in a way like we're not completely in control of our um actions in a way. Not we're in control of that we there's things blocking us from um doing things or or like I don't know, we're not in a way, we're not machines, right? That you just like put if you program it to do something, it will just do that. I think it is, there's something to like say or to think about the fact that that we can't just do the thing, you know? Um, and it is, I guess, yeah, just part of like the human experience of sometimes you can't. Sometimes you do you just think about like, oh, I'm procrastinating. procrastinating, I'll just do the thing and you do. But I feel like then you start convincing yourself that the rest of the times it was also, you could have just done the thing instead of thinking about doing it. And probably, but also why didn't you? You know what I mean? Like it's it's very easy to say just do it instead of thinking about it. But there's a reason why it's so common and why everyone does it. And I don't know what that reason is, but I'm just like is one of those things that it it just if it didn't exist, it wouldn't exist. I don't know how how else to explain it. Um, but I think it's a very lazy advice, honestly, to just feel like just do it, just do the thing. Um, I don't know. But yeah, the whole like separating yourself from your thoughts and everything. Um, we have talk talked about this about this before. So I don't know, I don't think I have like anything to add to what I have said before. I don't really remember what I said. But I think I think there's a balance, right? Like it's not necessarily that you are only your mind, um, and that everything in your mind is your world, like your world your your like worldview extends only to what you're thinking. Um, I feel like it isn't as black or black and white as that. There's more, way more nuance to it. Um, but you are partly, or I I do think like you're mostly your mind. Um, but not completely, I guess.