But yeah, my classes have been going okay. Um the publishing. It was it's publishing books. That's where we talked about the like orality and um like written word, um the comparison for that, and we're talking more so in the sense that have we transcended um the written word now and have we which is ironic because I'm I'm recording a voice message instead of typing. Um have we also or are we on our way to sort of um transition again from a written society into a more oral one. Um which of course like effects the book publishing industry, uh but I don't think it is that is necessarily true. I mean, it was just just a discussion, right? It wasn't like, oh, this is happening. It was more so a a concept that we were discussing. Um, I don't think it is necessarily true and I do think like books are way more like it's not as simple as just saying like, oh, people don't read books anymore. Um, especially physical books, right? Um, but I think it is interesting to think as well, like how it's I I feel like we're a bit biased towards how much we actually think people used to read books before. Because if you think about it, the literacy rate wasn't very high, um before, right? Like we have a higher, a way higher literacy rate, um and it has been growing. But, or I guess like at least throughout the decades, um centuries. So it is like more people know how to read, so more there's like a larger pool of people who can read or are capable of reading books. Um and then from that, like in terms of quantity, there's still way more people that read today. Um and I don't think it is necessarily a problem that people don't read books anymore because I don't think there was ever a time where everyone read books, right? Um even not going back centuries. Just going back to like, I don't know, the nineties where technology wasn't like a big thing um yet. I don't it's not something that like was everyone's hobby. I think at the end of the day, it is a hobby and it's like there's way more other things that people can do. So, I all to say to say that I I feel like it is books should be more into education or like people should read more when it comes to their education in general. I do think that is sort of failing more recently. Um but I don't think reading books as a whole or like the industry, the book publishing industry is being necessarily, um it's not going anywhere, I guess. It's I don't know. That's that was a whole our whole conversation last Wednesday.