And then for my economics class. We haven't really I mean, we talked about just like general numbers for our first like last week, we had readings on just a lot of like statistics and studies about, um, unemployment and the pay rate and the a lot of things, which are like a lot of them are very interesting, um, how the like division of, um, like salaries, or I guess the earnings and stuff have been growing, um, more towards the top, uh, where the top like 10, or no, not even, the top 1%, um, there's a lot of charts that are very interesting. Um, where you can see like very clearly how like the the top 1% or 0.1% even, um, earn compared to the rest of the population. And of of course, this is all like in the US, um, which I think it is especially, um, I guess, not not divisive, but especially you could you could especially see that being a thing. Um, and it was very interesting. But yeah, most of them said things that like I I generally already sort of knew about. Um, I haven't done the readings this week. I'll probably do them on Thursday before class. Um, I did the same thing last week. But, I'll see if there's anything interesting. The there there's probably going to be something coming up eventually that I'll, um, tell you about, because I do think it is a some topic will probably be interesting. But for now, I've been I've been watching a very sad drama. I haven't crying, um, but also I wanted to cry. Like I watched it because I knew it was going to be sad. And sometimes I just do that. Sometimes I just like, I'm very I'm a I'm very bad at crying. So, but sometimes I I don't know if you'll get this, but sometimes I want to cry either because I am like there's there's, um, something in specific that I'm like, oh, this makes me sad, but I can't cry. Um, or I just generally like I'm bored. I don't know. crying is fun sometimes. Um, so whenever I feel like crying, I usually have to, um, like build it up with something. I I can't cry by myself. Uh, which is sad. I've told my psychiatrist. She's she's like, whatever. Um, she says it's okay. She says it's healthy. So, well, actually, no, she said that's one of the things that she says it is isn't healthy. But, um, I usually watch something sad to make me cry. Um, so I've been watching that drama. And it's made me cry more than I than I thought it would. Um, I don't know if it's necessarily I just really wanted to cry a lot, or the drama is really sad. I think the drama is just really sad. Um, but I didn't expect to cry that much either. So, that's that's just been my what's this? Jades Tuesday. That's just been my Tuesday evening, and I'm going to sleep now, I guess. Um, but tell me, yeah, let me know if there's anything interesting in your life or not interesting. Just whatever. Cool.