Okay, that was frustrating to talk with. So anyways, yeah, I was just watching that and I stayed literally the whole day yesterday and today, just watching it. It has 32 episodes, about 50 minute long episodes. So I just, I just watched that. So I hope that makes you feel better about your productivity because I haven't been productive at all. Um, I've been, I think, I mean, I exercised yesterday, so that was good, but my exercise is, is always like 10 minutes at the most. Um, and I've been cooking more, so that's fun as well. Um, so but technically, the only thing I've been doing is watching that drama, um, cooking and eating, because I, I have to eat what I cook. Um, and that's pretty much it. I've just been in bed, either in bed or sitting at my desk, eating. Um, but it's been, it's, it's okay, like it's fun. And then they also canceled my classes tomorrow because of the storm. So, I'll probably be doing the same tomorrow. Um, although I do have to do homework and start on my readings and stuff. Um, so yeah, and also I have a, I don't know if, I, I don't remember if I told you that I'm taking a class on publishing books and I have a homework on that, which is choosing a magazine article that would make for a good book. Um, and it's embarrassing to say, I haven't, I don't remember the last time I read a magazine article. Like ever. I don't think I've ever read a full magazine article, so I've been I need to look for something. Because it, the assignment is like look, like choose a magazine article that you have read on the last year that would make for a good book. So I think I'll have to read a few articles tomorrow, at least like skim through them, um, to choose one because I Yeah, I hope that makes you feel better about your productivity. Um, but either way, I wish you luck with your studying. I feel like I mean, if, if you feel like you have to study 10 hours a day, then go for it. But I, I believe to an extent like you just become exhausted and it's harder to actually be like process information or or something when you're that exhausted. So, I would just like do take rest, they take, take rest. Yeah, just rest, take breaks. That's the word. Um, take some breaks and still wish you the best of luck. Um, and you're a very smart person, so it, you'll do well. Just I just have to do As long as you do, you'll do well, you know? Anyways, yeah.