Okay. Um, I'm folding clothes right now. I don't know if I feel like, okay, first of all, I'm starting all my messages with okay. And or not all my messages, all my recordings with okay. And I just don't know what else to say. I think in Spanish I I because I most of my Spanish um sort of sort of data is from TikToks. I'm usually like, "Hey, guys!" or something but it sounds cringe here in English. So, I'm not going to do that. Um, anyways, I'm folding clothes right now because I just did my laundry after procrastinating for a while. Um because I had nothing to not a lot of clean clothes. Uh but still it was doable. So, I procrastinated for a bit. Um but hopefully, this will be clear enough for the transcription to come out okay because if it's not then I don't know. Then then like whatever, honestly. But I'm thinking about what to say. I feel like I'm very I've been very tired, so I've been very like non talkative, like non nonverbal, pretty much. Um I find it hard to sort of to talk that much about anything. Um but I need a lot of data. So, I'm just taking my anything I can say, I guess. And really expanding the conversation. Um But yeah, I'm going to go to a reformer Reformer Pilates class tomorrow. Pilates, Pilates. I don't know how people say that. Um in English. But yeah, I'm going to that tomorrow, so I'm I guess to an extent looking forward to it. To another extent, I kind of don't want to go, but I already booked it. So, um I think it will be okay. I hope for hopefully, I'll enjoy it fine. Um I think it's just the the schedule. I I hate I have to be up decently early. I wouldn't say decently early. I just have to wake up by like 10:00 because I have to be there at 11:00, and it's literally a three-minute walk from here. So, if that works out and I like it, I'll probably go back. Um So, I hope that's the case because I do want to sort of sort of exercise a bit more. Um but anyways, other than that, I've been watching this drama um that I started I started it, and it was like I really enjoyed it at first. I really was like, "This is a masterpiece. This is what a drama is." And I think it's a case for a lot of of like Korean especially Korean dramas that it is They usually do them They they make them 16 episodes long. Um and I don't know why. I guess it's there's a lot of like background um reasons for it in in terms of like broadcasts. Um especially Yeah, I guess just like broadcasting and stuff. But more and more it's been the amount of episodes have been sort of reduced. Um so you'll you'll see more 12 episodes or eight episodes even um dramas. But for the 16 episodes one, it comes to a point like it always comes to a point where it just feels like they are sort of repeating the same thing. Or they're generally just extending it extend extending Oh my god. Extending it for the sake of extending it. Not really for having a genuinely good plot, Um and moving that plot forward. Oh, no. Something happened to my Uh it's whatever. Um One of my sweaters got the little like What are these even called? I don't even know the names in Spanish either. The little like balls that the Anyways, I don't know. Whatever. I feel like all my my data in English will be just me being very pessimistic about things and just being done with everything. But that's just the state of mind I'm in right now. But the point is I was watching this I started watching it because I heard it was very like gay coded. I knew it wasn't um like outwardly and explicitly a BL. Um but a BL, like B L, which is a Boys Love um drama. Um I knew it wasn't explicitly that, but I heard like a lot of people said it was very coded to be one. Um and I do see it. Like I do like the dynamic between the two male main male leads. Um I do see that. But also, I think I mean, it is a thriller drama. And I don't usually like thrillers that much. I will watch them, and I will enjoy them. But I do find that it sort of becomes the same thing. I feel like all thriller dramas are basically the same when it comes to like political dramas, I guess. Um which this is. It's set in like a dystopian um society based in Korea. So, they're very open about it being like, "Oh, this is not Korea. This is like um this is a fake um sort of environment that we build." Also, because they depict the government in a very bad light. So, I guess you wouldn't try you wouldn't want to make people sort of associate that with the actual um current government and stuff when it's not necessarily um not necessarily the case. Um but it is like a very dystopian. And they get away with a lot of things just by sort of being like, "Oh, it's a dystopia, so that's just the way the society works here." Um Not that they they say that openly, but I feel like there's a lot of things that they don't really explain or they sort of assume that it's it it's They sort of make the assumption that it's like, "Oh, that's just how the society works." Um so they don't have to explain. Which to an extent I like. I don't want to be force-fed all the information or all the like little explanations about things. It's good to to have sort of that window of um me being able to think, right? The like the audience can think. The audience has a brain. I like that. Um I don't like when things are dumped down for people. However, there are a few things that I'm like or there there have been a few things that I'm like, "I don't know if um I don't know if that would be the case," right? Or I don't know if like the society is built to be like that, I guess. Um I just think sometimes it is used as a very lazy sort of alternative to um to having a loophole, I guess. Like they don't want to have a loophole or not a loophole, a plot hole. So, they're like, "That's just the society here." I don't know. Anyways, the point is, it was pretty good at first. I did like I What I enjoyed, though, was that it had two unreliable narrators sort of. Um I guess like unreliable Not even unreliable narrators. It was just like, you didn't know who who you could trust. Um And they made it very clear, especially for one of the characters, that he was very unreliable, right? He was like, he very outwardly said that he would do anything to get his way, I guess. Um But it came to a point where it's like he he is bad because he has this image of being bad, and because we're told he is bad he's a bad guy. Um and he does do very questionable things sometimes. But most of the times, he's very honest. Like he's he's very He always says that he would do all these things. But when it comes to it, he doesn't really lie. Like he doesn't I don't know how to explain it. It's just like they make you doubt him, but then you sort of start understanding the dynamic of um he's putting up his walls, and he's um sort of has this character um but he's actually like a human and a and a good I guess I wouldn't say a good person, but like this person who's insecure and who's this and who's that. Um especially with the main character, the other main main lead. Um So, it comes to a point where like I as the audience sort of stopped doubting him because they just made us um like the drama still wants us to doubt him because he they have built this image that he's like very unreliable. But they have taught us not to doubt him because he always tells the truth. I guess that's sort of like the dichotomy there. Um But still, I think especially more so with the main lead, right? Like he doesn't lie to the main lead. Um But I really enjoyed that at the beginning of being like, "I don't know who to trust. I don't know what's going on here." Um etcetera etcetera. That sort of the audience was sort of taking the place of the main character, the other main character. Um And sort of like how he felt in that environment as well, where he didn't know who to trust, and he didn't know um what to think um etcetera etcetera. So, it's sort of just That part was really entertaining and really not even just entertaining. It was just like very well formulated, and very well carried out. Um And now the rest sort of became a bit more like repetitive. I don't know what else to say. It's just like I feel like I maybe also because I of the way I watch things. Like I will um binge everything, everything that I watch. Unless it's something that's um currently airing. But if it's something that's airing, I most likely will drop it eventually. Um or maybe not most likely, but it's a very high probability that I'll I'll drop it. But I think maybe this would have benefited from me sort of taking my time a bit more with it because every time I go back to it, I'm just tired of I'm tired of it, I guess. Tired of sort of like the same uh plots, the same characters, and the same things. And it's like there's only so much you can do with people betraying each other and people like doing bad things that bad people do and and the like rich people being rich and wanting more money. I feel like I've already watched too many dramas with that same sort of um idea. And This one's good. Like it's a good drama. I just don't know if it necessarily brings anything else to the table, I guess. Um I I hope that that that was heard and that can be translated, not translated, transcribed. Um but yeah, I still want to see more of the dynamic between the two main characters. I think I do like the dynamic so far and I understand why people say like, "Oh, it's very BL coded." Um But I wouldn't say it is necessarily a Because people were pretty much there's a lot of like dramas that are like um they are not BLs. There's no romantic sort of um plot, I guess, between two male characters. But I would still sort of consider BL. Um which are like Weak Hero Class 1 um Oh, there's another, the um The no, Spring something with Spring and Greener on the other side. Um Oh, Spring Is Greener At A Distance. Spring At A Distance, Spring Is Green. Yeah. Um that's the name. Those two I feel like are very BL coded even though the main character on the second one, on the uh At A Distance, Spring Is Green, the main character there one of the main male characters does have a girlfriend, like he ends up getting a girlfriend. But I still feel like it's it's it's very coded to be to have like a romantic um tension between the two male leads, which in that case it does make sense because um the other or I guess like the what is it called, the it's adapted from a webtoon, and the webtoon is um the webtoon is is is the webtoon is BL, right? Um so they just added the romantic, like the straight romance to sort of make it less gay. Um but in my head, like even watch even with the romantic plot, I still feel like it is very not straight and that there's way more more like chemistry and more everything with the other male lead rather than with the girl he ends up dating. However, I do think Oh, and then like Weak Hero, for example, um there there's not even any any romance, like straight romance. Um so I think that is even though the the source it is adapted from is not um not a BL outwardly either, um I think that is way more coded as a BL than than any of the others. I guess like At A Distance, Spring Is Green is the BL-est. It's the the most BL. Um And The Devil Judge, which is the one I'm watching right now, I just don't see it that much. I do I I feel like it is one of those sort of castiel moments where it's like I can understand why people are shipping them, but at the same time, I don't think it is a sort of even intentional thing. Because I feel for the other two, it is to an extent sort of intentional. Like the Weak Hero is coded that way. It it's sort of like a self-censored BL um just for the sake of like not taking anything away or like having it be more friendly towards a wider audience. Um then a BL. Or not sort of tainting, which it isn't tainting, but it's like I guess like publicly it could be considered as such. Um but not tainting your your your story, your plot, which is like a very interesting um Weak Hero is also sort of a thriller. Um not tainting that with the idea that it's a gay show, right? That it's a BL. I feel like that is an issue in general that people don't take things seriously when you say they are a romance, for example, or when you say they are BL. Um and I feel like it is a bit more manageable to an extent or it's a bit more common for people to find romance um within a thriller, for example. So, you can find romance within a thriller, and it doesn't really take anything away. I don't think people will take it any less seriously because it's common, especially in Korea or like Korean dramas. Um however, I feel like once you add anything slightly gay, it becomes a gay show. Um And that's just that's just how the world works. I'm not saying it's something that makes sense in my head or that should be the case. But you can't really deny that having gay having gay Having something gay makes your show be considered a BL. And it makes it considered makes it be considered a gay show. Um and it will be sort of reduced to only that. Um and there's a lot of great BLs that are much more than just a BL and just a romance. And I could that's it's the same with romance. There's a lot of romance um stories or romance dramas that are much more than just romances. But people don't really see it that way. I feel like people see it I feel like, okay, even romance now, it's sort of has opened its it's um has opened the minds. Or like people have opened their um their minds and their ideals to uh romance being able to do more than just than just romance. But I think it's still very very much um very much the case for BLs. Feel like a romance, a lot of people can can understand when it's sort of um sort of exploring the idea of like humanity and exploring the idea of being oneself. And um slice of life, which is or like a coming coming of age story, like it makes sense for that to be a romance or like a romance to be that. Um And especially the viewers for that are going to take it as more than just a romance, I guess. But with BLs, my point here is, BLs are once you have that label, you will only be considered that. And that's especially the case for the audience that likes the BL. Um which is like I feel like it's usually the other way around that people will not watch a romance because um it is only a romance. Like people who don't like romances will not watch romance because it is romance, you know? Um but for BLs, I feel like people will just watch anything that's a BL. Um but if you have a very good thriller, the audience will change once you say it is a BL and once you add that BL aspect. Um because it will go to the wrong audience. Even though the audience is sort of they will like it. They could like eat it up. But it will be it won't really be the audience you want. I feel like it's it's I understand sort of taking that choosing the image you want your drama to have. And just following that and taking away all of the other aspects um that could sort sort of hinder um your artistic view or what you want the audience to take from it. Um and it's just in general it's a very complicated sort of situation, I guess. Um it's a very nuanced thing. But just overall, I think I'm going to finish the drama I'm watching right now. That's the point. I'm going to finish that. I'm going to drink some water. And I need to record more of these videos even though I've been talking for 22 minutes in a row. Um so I'm going to I mean not not even videos, these audios. Um I'm going to talk about like the difference between the differences the the different um types of dramas or like depending on country. Because it's something that I've wanted to do, um especially on my TikTok. But then I never do. So, because I like to think no one cares, so I'll just do that. And then this seems Honestly, this is feels very useless. Talking talking to myself with no audience. I think maybe it's good. Maybe it's like I should do this more often. I don't need an audience to talk to. I just need I need to talk to myself sometimes. Um but it still feels like talking to someone. I feel like I'm still sort of using that intonation and using that like trying to explain things um to a person. Um but anyways, okay. My throat cannot do anymore. Goodbye.