Mr. Tired. I'm gonna be very low energy right now. Um, and the sound. I hope that doesn't do anything to the transcription. I hope that the transcription works fine with that. But, let's see. Actually, I can go into my watch list or like the things I've been I I have watched and go from there because I'm gonna explain the differences between um the different countries. Asian countries, and that sounded very um racist. But, no, I'm going to say all the the difference like um countries and the type of drama, or like what you what you're getting into, um if you want to watch a drama, a specific type of drama. So, I guess like the most common one that people start with, and also the one I I started with um and nowadays sort of the most popular is Korean dramas. In Korean dramas, I think they're okay entry. They're a good entry, actually. I don't think any of the other countries do any better um sort of like a introduction. Because they're already sort of very westernized. Westernized. Um yeah. So, I guess like they they because it's already very popular in the west, um they have sort of adapted these types of um acting and the type of um storytelling as well. Which I feel like they already, like from the start, they've always sort of been the most similar to to like more western um series and stuff. But, it has become the case more and more frequently. Um or I guess like recently that this this um techniques and everything are are sort of like taking from that. Um Also, because it has grown very much in the west, so they know the they know the audience is gonna be global, rather than than local to to Korea. So, what's there to say about Korean dramas? There's It's usually, okay, if you see a Korean drama, it's usually gonna be 16 episodes, around that. It was very common for most of the dramas to be 16 episodes until a few years ago. Or like, I guess even now, you'll still find a lot of dramas that are coming out will be 16 episodes. But, I think it's more It's also become common to find 12 episodes dramas. Um but that will usually be the case. It's either 16 or 12 or a lot of dramas also do eight episodes now, especially like um Netflix. Netflix loves eight episodes. Um But because dramas are still very much sort of um They are still broadcasted most of the time. So, if it's the drama that is being broadcast, it's more common that it will be longer. Because they already have sort of the um structure in which they get paid and they pay for um the time that they are being broadcasted in. Um and when it's like a Netflix drama, they don't really get their revenue per episode or per like even per minute watched. They're just getting the revenue for subscription. Um and you can't really quantify that to like viewership. Um But anyways, yeah. All that to say that you you you probably will find some shorter dramas. Um but 16 used to be the standard. And now it has been decreasing, which I think is good to an extent because dramas used to extend way past what they should. I think they they start a lot of the times they start stretching. The the plot they start just trying to do anything. Okay. Um I don't remember where I was, but um oh yeah, that drama starts stretching their plot. Um But yeah, South Korea, what else can be said about that? Um they have some very good dramas, but they also have some very bad ones. I think still the acting you have to get used to in general for all Asian dramas. But that's just because it's very I wouldn't say subtle, but it's very different still from um more western types of acting. Um But I think Korean's style of acting you are more more likely to get used to quickly. Um I will get to the ones that are a bit harsher or a bit like harder to get into. So some of them I still myself can't really get into. But Korea is a very good sort of starting point, and I do like the the type of acting that they do, I guess. I I I I do like that sort of subtle um sort of type of acting. And that subtle acting is also the case for Chinese dramas. Now, Chinese dramas are very different though. Because the plot itself is usually very I think it's it's quite the oppo It's like the opposite from Korean dramas because in China do expect the dramas to be extended. You expect them to be sort of like you you will read, or I guess you don't expect if you're like it's the first time going into a Chinese drama. But if it's not, um you will read a description. You will read sort of like the summary or or the plot or or what is it even called? The like summary, I guess. Um And you will see sort of a plot point, but you will expect it to be that that sort of like the starting point of the drama, and then it just goes sort of outward from there. So, it's very common to have like a um What was I going to say? It's very common to have if you're gonna watch like um coming of age or what else could it be? Like a life drama, I guess, like a a very like youth drama too. Most of the times it is like romance, but you'll start with they will start in high school, and then they will grow, and you will probably see them in university, and then they will grow, and you will probably see them as working adults. Um so it's really that like they like to have a very extensive um look at the character's lives. Um and then also for that same reason, they like being or I guess it's not that they like being, but they are way, way longer. Um so for Korean dramas I did mention it was 16 episodes. That usually entails an hour long episode. So, that's 16 hours total. Chinese dramas, they're usually either 24 episodes, 36 episodes, or even more. Like 40-something episodes. Usually 36 is sort of or like 30-something um is usually the case. Sometimes they are shorter. 24 is also very common. But What's this one? The best day of my life. Apparently I watched this. I don't remember. 06. Anyways, the point is What is the point? They're oh yeah. It's a a like around 40 episodes but or around like 30 episodes. But they're usually I think like 40 minutes long. So, it's I don't know how much uh how many hours that is. It's do 40 times um that's 30 divided by 60. That's like 20 hours instead of like 16. So, it's still like it's comparable, actually. If you if you think about it, it's very similar. But they really I don't think it feels extended. Like sometimes it does feel like, okay, now it it becomes a bit boring. Like what am I watching anymore? Um especially when it really sort of goes the way like goes to in a different direction from the main um thing that made you want to see it. I can get that. But otherwise, it's still like Actually, I I I drop a lot of Chinese dramas. I But I think that's that's what makes me a bit like comfortable with with with it, that um even if they sort of become very repetitive and very boring to an extent, I'll just drop it. I'll just stop watching it. Um so sometimes I I will start a Chinese drama, and it will be um Like I will start it knowing that I'll probably drop it, but I'll just watch it until it's no longer enjoyable to watch, I guess. Um so I think for that reason and for like many others, but especially for that reason, Chinese dramas are very hit or miss for me. Um the acting can also be very cringey. Um very unrealistic or very exaggerated. Um And then the the characters can be very unlikable too. The Chinese like being and I guess the Koreans do, but Chinese dramas like having toxic characters and pretending they aren't toxic. Um and I guess it has to do with like just how society sees um very specific things. Um there you will see a lot with Chinese dramas that people will sort of forgive their parents for doing something that they shouldn't be forgiven for. Um Or they will like sort of make it make a make light out of having the toxicity in um in the family, for example. So, it's like it's you they try to take They sort of take these topics and they don't take them as seriously as I would like them to. Um and I guess that to an extent is like me trying to or like what I what I personally want. Um but that's important. Like everything is very subjective, right? So, I like Chinese dramas, but I have to be very in the mood for a Chinese drama. Also, a lot of the times I know they're stupid. Like they will be stupid, and they will be very like cringey to an extent. But that's also kind of what I love about them. That they are very like they are very cringey. And they are very very very light. There's usually nothing like very realistic or not not even realistic, but there's not I don't even know how to explain it. It just like the feeling it gives you is very different. Sometimes I just really want a romance drama that will focus on the romance and will be purely romance, and will be sort of fun, sort of quirky, sort of cringey, and that's when I go for a Chinese drama. And I love that. Like I feel like they have their they have their space in my life. And and and that's where I like them to be, you know? Um so that that's Chinese dramas. I feel like those are like I most of the dramas I I have watched have been Korean and then Chinese. I think I have seen a good amount of Chinese dramas. Um I do draw my lines though. I don't watch very, very cringey ones. Um So, I do think like most of the everything I watch, everything I finish is somewhat good. Like if if I don't even finish it, it's probably bad. So, um so it is, like all the Chinese dramas that I've watched, I've enjoyed to an extent. Um but there are a lot of popular dramas that I have never watched because I just I just don't think they would be for me. Oh, and also for Chinese dramas, there's a lot of like historical dramas, or what they would call period dramas. Apparently, there's different types. There's different categories. Um that I don't know how to pronounce. But, I don't like those. Korea also has some of those, like historical dramas. Um but I think they are way more um common in Chinese dramas. So, um I don't like those. So, I only watch modern modern, um I only watch modern dramas. So, I'm sort of like missing out on all of that side. Um I don't know how that category goes. I don't know I I'm pretty sure it's very different from modern dramas, but my whole like explanation only took modern dramas into consideration, I guess. Um but yeah, that is the Chinese dramas and Korean dramas. I might do my next audio about the Taiwanese, not not Taiwanese. Thailandese um Thailandese dramas, Thai the Thai dramas, and um Japanese dramas. But I'll see. My voice just keeps getting worse and worse when talking.